Update troubleshooting guide (#2705)
GoogleCloudPlatform/gcsfuse: docs/troubleshooting.md

### Permission Denied error.

Please refer [here](https://cloud.google.com/storage/docs/gcsfuse-mount#authenticate_by_using_a_service_account) to know more about permissions
(e.g.  **Issue**:mkdir: cannot create directory ‘gcs/test’: Permission denied. User can check specific errors by enabling logs with --log-severity=TRACE flags.  

> **Solution** - depending upon the use-case, you can choose one of the following options.

Reviewer: Both the solutions are a requirement, can we rephrase to something like:

**Issue:** `mkdir: cannot create directory ‘gcs/test’: Permission denied.` User can check specific errors by enabling logs with --log-severity=TRACE flags.

**Solution:** To resolve this issue, you need to ensure both of the following are in place:

1. **Grant necessary permissions to the service account:** Explicitly provide the service account with the roles/storage.objectAdmin role on the bucket. This allows the service account to create directories and write objects within the bucket.

2. **Configure VM scopes for Cloud Storage access:** If you are using GCP VM, set the VM's scope to storage-full or read-write to give the VM write-access to Cloud Storage buckets. This enables the VM to interact with Cloud Storage. To do this:
<insert steps>

* Explicitly provide the service account roles/storage.objectAdmin role on the bucket.
* Set the VM's scope to storage-full or read-write to give the VM write-access to the cloud-storage buckets. For this:
  * Turn-off the instance

>   * Change the VM's scope either using the GCPconsole or by executing  `gcloud beta compute instances set-scopes INSTANCE_NAME --scopes=storage-full`

Reviewer: Nit: 
```suggestion
  * Change the VM's scope either using the GCP console or by executing  `gcloud beta compute instances set-scopes INSTANCE_NAME --scopes=storage-full`
```
